Adress requested documentation changes (#250)
nextflow-io/nf-co2footprint: docs/usage/configuration.md

2. **If `ci` is not set**, but both `location` and `emApiKey` are provided, the plugin will query the [Electricity Maps API](https://www.electricitymaps.com/) for a real-time carbon intensity value for the specified zone. The API call is made once per Nextflow task to retrieve the most up-to-date carbon intensity.
3. **If only `location` is set**, the plugin will fallback to a default value for the specified zone. 
4. **If neither `ci` nor valid `location` and `emApiKey` are provided**, the plugin will  fallback to a global default value.

> Carbon intensity data is retrieved from [Electricity Maps](https://www.electricitymaps.com/) and used under the [Open Database License (ODbL)](https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1-0/). See the full attribution and license terms [here](https://nextflow-io.github.io/nf-co2footprint/).

## Cloud computations

While the CO2 footprint calculation works on cloud instances, **nf-co2footprint** can currently not natively support all cloud environments, as cloud-specific values-such as certain CPU models or PUE values-may be missing in our datasets. As a result, calculations may often rely on fallback values.

!!! info

>     For common cloud platforms, the plugin automatically applies provider-specific default PUE values where supported. However, not all cloud providers or platforms are currently covered, so you may need to supply some information manually. You can view the full list of supported providers and their corresponding PUEs in the [executor PUE mapping file](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-co2footprint/blob/master/plugins/nf-co2footprint/src/resources/executor_machine_pue_mapping.csv). For example, AWS uses a default PUE of **1.15**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For common cloud platforms, the plugin automatically applies provider-specific default PUE values where supported. However, not all cloud providers or platforms are currently covered, so you may need to supply some information manually. You can view the full list of supported providers and their corresponding PUEs in the [executor PUE mapping file](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-co2footprint/blob/master/plugins/nf-co2footprint/src/resources/executor_machine_pue_mapping.csv). For example, for AWS a default PUE of **1.15** is used.
```
